What is up guys and welcome back.
Now in this video I'm going to be showing you that how can you create a page that displays all of your
post that you have posted so it can be like a blog page so you can create a new page and name it as
the blog or you can copy epal dot com and you can create a page called NEWSROOM.
OK.
So since I am a big fan of football I don't know why.
I just use their products.
Yes I know Windows instead of the Mac mechanism for tutorial purposes guys the average guys who use
Windows are more.
So that is why I use Windows and just teach you everything but I prefer to use my I don't know why.
So let's just go ahead and let's quickly add a page and then just make it our blog page.
So I'm just going to go to the amnion and I'm going to name that page as the news rooms so that it should
display all the post.
Or you can just keep it there or keep that page as the blog page if you want to.
OK and like you can name it as blog.
I don't know why I am copying that pulled out.
Let's just go ahead and let's quickly name it as the plot.
So in that blog page it should show all the post.
OK let's just go ahead and let's quickly just make it just keep it published so I'm going to go ahead
and I'm going to publish this.
That's all you have to do to not do anything.
Let's just go ahead and let's quickly view this page so you can see that this is our blog page and this
is how it is looking.
But I want to make this page.
I want this page to show the post.
Ok like here should be the post coming.
So for that I have to do exactly the same thing that we did for making our home page to be our home
page and how we're going to do that.
Let's just go ahead and let's quickly go to settings and let's just go to Reading.
So in the here and now we have to select a post-paid to be our blog page.
Let's just select it and let's hit save changes and I'll see the magic.
OK what I'm going to go to the all pages and then I'm going to go to the blog page you can see Tay's
post page and if I'm going to view this page then see guys you can see today's his blog and in here
that post is coming.
OK.
This is coming and then this is coming and every post is filled come that Vitthal post in future.
So let's go ahead and let's quickly add a new post as well.
OK.
I'm just going to bring my mouse here and here you can see that in the Tabari we have some different
things here.
So for you it just adds a post like if you want to add a post.
OK.
I'm just going to add a new book and I can see it takes us directly to our AD.
So I'm going to name it as you like I can Ziel now offers web development.
OK.
It's like gummy.
This is like that.
I can deal now offers up development.
OK.
I'm going to copy this.
Let's quickly copy and let's just go to our new post and let's just paste it right here.
Control V.
Let me just close all these types of that.
It doesn't get the shit out of you.
So let's just co-head And let's close all this up and let's just go ahead and let's publish it.
So now you can see that this post is also now published and I'm going to view this post and you can
see how this post will appear.
I allow offers from developed man and we found everything OK.
Now you can see how this is looking.
And when I go to my blog page.
OK like I'm if I just go to blog then you can see it says the first one is this.
This is coming and this one is this.
And then this is coming in everything.
OK.
So you can see how our blog pages looking and everything is looking pretty cool.
So now we know how we can create it and then how we can show all the posts in here.
OK so now we know everything about it.
And in the next video I'm going to be showing you how to categorize your blog post.
Ok like when we just go to the apple you can see they have the category of the press release.
They have the category of press release.
They have the category of a feature like a new feature.
Comes the update and everything.
So how does the category work how to just categorize your post into this.
And then how to work with it.
So and let's just see how much video I have.
So it's just for a minute.
OK let's just in the next video I'll show you that.
How can you basically work for the category so stadium guys and my.